README.md, before:

# dana teagle dot com

## About
This is the repository for a few different webpages that relate to my work, my projects, or my advocacy. They are all built with jQuery, HTML, and SCSS.

### Web/software developer portfolio
The [base URL](https://danateagle.com/) leads you to a webpage for my design & development portfolio. The data for each of the projects is stored as JSON for ease of iterating, filtering, and updating.

### The Toronto Public Libra
The [second webpage](https://danateagle.com/share) is a list of various external links and resources (all iterated from another JSON file).

### Trans I.D. Resources
The [third webpage](https://danateagle.com/trans-id-resources) is a download hub for documents and resources for changing your name and/or gender marker in Ontario—an extension of my work running virtual presentations for the transgender community since 2020.

I'm currently in the early stages of developing a new permanent home for these resources, where users will be able to request info and submit their own suggestions to a team of moderators.

## Development
I originally built my portfolio page in Oct 2022. I redesigned and refactored the website in Aug and Sept 2023, and I continue to update and improve it periodically.

## Attributions
- [RemixIcon](https://remixicon.com/)
- [Source Code Pro typeface](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Source+Code+Pro)
- [jQuery v3.7.0](https://jquery.com/)

Commit message:

feat: various style and copy updates to main page, share page, and README

README.md, after:

# dana teagle dot com

## About
This is the repository for a few different webpages that relate to my work, projects, advocacy, or online communities. They are all built with jQuery, HTML, and SCSS.

### Web/software developer portfolio
The [main page](https://danateagle.com/) is for my design & development portfolio. The data for each of the projects is stored as JSON for ease of iterating, filtering, and updating.

### The Toronto Public Libra
The [second page](https://danateagle.com/share) is a list of various external links and resources (all iterated from another JSON file).

### Trans I.D. Resources
The [third page](https://danateagle.com/trans-id-resources) is a download hub for documents and resources for changing your name and/or gender marker in Ontario—an extension of my work running virtual presentations for the transgender community since 2020.

I'm currently in the early stages of developing a new permanent home for these resources, where users will be able to request info and submit their own suggestions to a team of moderators.

## Development
I originally built my portfolio page in Oct 2022. I redesigned and refactored the website in Aug and Sept 2023, and I continue to update and improve it periodically.

## Attributions
- [RemixIcon](https://remixicon.com/)
- [Source Code Pro typeface](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Source+Code+Pro)
- [jQuery v3.7.0](https://jquery.com/)
